[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[reporter 1] Are you saying Babel Group
and the prosecution have colluded?
-[reporter 2] Miss, in what manner?
-[reporter 3] Could you please elaborate?
[overlapping dialogue]
Write to us if you have any questions.
Neither Ms. Hong nor Jipuragi
will be commenting further at this time.
Now excuse us.
[whispers]
Come on. Let's go. Step aside.
[reporter 4] What do you think your father
would think with these allegations?
[reporters clamoring]
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music continues]
[Han-seo] Joon-woo.
You keep going easy on those two.
Why don't we just get rid of them already?
-I've never gone easy.
-What?
I haven't spared them.
They're outwitting us at every turn,
that's all.
[clicks tongue]
Well, uh…
Then please tell me why
you didn't get them out of the way.
They're excellent partners.
Why would I get rid of them?
"Partners"?
You know, every champion needs
sparring partners.
When Vincenzo Cassano goes down,
it will be because I am stronger
than he is.
[Cha-young groans]
[Cha-young] We wasted such
a great opportunity.
EPISODE 9
The investment agreement
almost went up in smoke.
At least that idiot got what he deserved
for what he did to Ms. Oh.
That's pretty good in my book.
Bullseye!
So I'm going to see her tomorrow.
We could go together.
I'll check my schedule.
[groans]
Singles. Not what I wanted.
I expected to solve at least one mystery
through this whole ordeal.
Babel Group's real boss, I take it.
I thought they might themselves
because we had them cornered.
They keep getting away.
Evil bounces back faster than good does.
And every time it does, it gets stronger.
Can we get Babel's real leader
to come out of the shadow somehow?
In my experience, everyone leaves
some kind of trace behind.
That's our chance.
Finding Babel's real boss
is priority number one.
I say we call them Babo from now on.
Sounds good. Babo.
[suspenseful music]
[sighs]
[huffs]
[doctor] If she has a family,
you should tell them as soon as possible.
Those with a family history of cancer
should make sure
they get proper screening early.
She has had cancer before, though,
hasn't she?
Yes. It was lung cancer.
When did that happen?
It says here she was first diagnosed
in January of '93.
It was Stage Three lung cancer.
And four years later,
she was completely cured
without having undergone surgery.
[doctor] Overcoming Stage Three
lung cancer without surgery
is pretty much a miracle.
[somber music]
[Vincenzo] She was diagnosed
with lung cancer in January of 1993,
and she left me at the orphanage
in May, five months later.
Did she really abandon me
because she was sick?
Because she thought she might die on me?
[exhales]
[ominous music]
[mysterious music]
[mysterious music continues]
Today is mighty quiet.
Yeah.
The wimps gave up so easily.
[quirky music]
[metal detector beeps]
[quirky music continues]
[Mi-ri] If I were hiding gold,
I'd hide it there.
That's the darkest and most deserted area
at the whole building.
-Good thinking.
-Yeah.
[whispers]
Is that a stethoscope?
We're not cracking open a safe.
What are you going to do with that?
Oh, it's better than a magnifying glass.
I look cool.
Right? Get ready.
Let's find some treasure.
-[Larry] Shh.
-Shh.
[mysterious music]
[Yeon-jin scoffs]
They're putting in a lot of effort.
[Mr. Lee] By the way,
I don't see the monks anywhere.
I guess they are
true believers of Buddhism.
TAROT READING AND FORTUNE TELLING
[creaking]
[Chaesin sighs]
[whispering]
[Chaesin] Jeokha.
Are you sure dowsing rods
can be used to find metal?
[Jeokha] Gold and other metals
are like water. They have chi.
The dowsing rods will tell us
when they encounter the golden chi.
I see.
I was wondering, is it all right
to be chasing after worldly possessions?
We're not trying to possess them.
We're merely trying to find hidden riches
to share with others.
You know this, brother.
Right. We would donate the money
to organizations that help children.
In fact, it's not money
that we're meant to find, Chaesin.
Practicing Buddha's generosity
is the ultimate goal here.
I'll keep that in mind.
Crap!
[gasps]
-I'm done for!
-Hmm?
What's the matter?
[eerie music]
[gasps]
I stepped on the Death card,
and it gave me the creeps.
Oh, be gone, evil Western maguni.
MAGUNI, EVIL INCARNATE
IN BUDDHISM
[Chaesin grunts]
-[stomping]
-[grunting]
[gasps]
Another one. Look!
-Oh.
-[whimpers]
[Gi-seok] Huh?
-[Chaesin gasps]
-[door slams]
You really scared me.
-[pigeon coos]
-[wings flap]
[groans]
[in Italian]
Again! Damn it!
-[pigeon coos]
-[in Korean] Shit!
[cooing]
[groans]
[mysterious music]
[pigeon coos]
Shoo.
-[pigeon coos]
-[sighs]
Go away.
Get out of here! Get lost!
[in Italian]
Please.
Please go away.
[pigeon coos]
Get lost! Get away from here!
[in Korean] You are one
really stubborn pigeon, you know that?
You have to roost outside my window, huh?
Okay. Fine. But new rules.
No cooing when I'm asleep or else. Got it?
Understand me?
[pigeon coos]
[scoffs]
From now on, your name…
is Inzaghi.
No more cooing, Inzaghi. Huh?
[Inzaghi coos]
[Vincenzo sighs]
Doctor.
[foreboding music]
[Joon-woo] Director Gil Jong-moon?
-[chuckles]
-[Myung-hee] Yes.
After reneging on his agreement with us,
he requested protection
from the Prosecutor's Office.
The Prosecutor's Office. What for?
We've been trying to find out
and we're almost there.
[sighs]
Which Prosecutor's Office?
Namdongbu's Office.
Jung In-kuk is the prosecutor.
-[Mr. Jung] You'll be safe here.
-[Joon-woo] Jung In-kuk?
His name sounds familiar.
[Myung-hee]
He targeted and investigated Babel
when your father was the chairman.
-He can be a troublemaker then.
-Sort of.
He absolutely refuses to listen to anyone
including the chief prosecutor.
It's like his ears are made of iron
and words bounced right off.
-So people call him Iron Ears.
-Right.
He was transferred to Mokpo for a while
and he re-transferred here last week.
I don't like it.
-[phone buzzes]
-[sighs]
[buzzing continues]
[clears throat]
Hello. Jang Joon-woo speaking.
[Dr. Gil] This is Gil Jong-moon.
Dr. Gil.
[Joon-woo]
You're not really gonna betray us.
Not if you agree to my demands, no.
Of course I will. Anything you want.
[Dr. Gil] Don't kill me.
That's non-negotiable.
[Joon-woo]
It never occurred to me to kill you.
[Dr. Gil] It will soon enough.
Since I'm one of the few people
who knows your secret.
[loud clang]
Is that all?
You're just asking for my promise
not to kill you?
And I want 30 million US dollars
wired to an account
I'll give you later.
Once I get the money,
you'll never hear from me again.
But if I don't get the money,
I will tell the prosecutor
how Babel's founder really died.
Am I making myself clear?
Yes, crystal clear.
The account number…
Uh, you want me to…
Never mind.
Text me the account number.
It takes a while
to launder 30 million dollars
before you can wire it as you must know.
-Thirty million dollars?
-[Joon-woo] We'll need a few days.
Yes, Dr. Gil. We have a deal.
Thirty million dollars
to keep his mouth shut?
[groans]
[Myung-hee] Greedy asshole.
[cracks]
[ominous music]
[fire crackling]
You want one?
I actually prefer food
that doesn't taste like charcoal.
It's crispy on the outside.
And…
delicious in the middle.
Good, right?
As long as I don't have to eat
the burnt parts, I can eat them.
[in muffled voice]
[Ju-sung] I printed the document.
-Oh. Thank you.
-Thank you.
[Cha-young] This is the file
the police have on Jang Han-seok,
Jang Han-seo's older brother.
In the States, he uses Henry Jang, though.
[playful music]
[Vincenzo] Mm…
"Babo".
What?
This means that Jang Han-seok
could be Babo then, right?
[Cha-young]
It's too early to say for sure.
Hmm, we need to dig more
into his background.
It seems he left for the States
15 years ago,
and evidently, never came back.
But he sort of fell off the radar
after art school.
No one seems to know where he is.
Wow. Sounds like a free spirit.
The family business
might not interest him.
Jang Guk-hwan died not that long ago,
didn't he?
Two years ago.
That means he didn't attend
the Chairman's funeral.
[Ju-sung] He didn't attend
his dad's funeral?
What kind of a son is he?
[Cha-young] I forgot.
We can't have this when we're working
on something important.
Sweet potatoes can stall progress.
[Ju-sung] Huh…
-I've never heard of that.
-[Cha-young] It's true.
I swore off seaweed soup
the entire time I was in law school.
And I passed everything.
Aren't you blaming your own superstition
when it's Babel and Wusang
who messed up their own situation?
I always trust my gut.
Ugh, it's happening. I feel sick.
[Cha-young grunts]
I'm going to visit Ms. Oh.
Don't forget, there's a meeting
with the families, so you can't be late.
Right, I almost forgot. I'll be there.
-Ah, hmm.
-[door closes]
I did the research…
I looked into Ms. Oh's relatives…
[blows air]
…there aren't any.
She doesn't have any family at all.
[Vincenzo] Mm.
Things would have been so much better
if she had children.
Then again, kids these days have no sense
of duty towards their parents.
Seriously.
There's no point in even having them.
They're all so ungrateful.
You don't want it?
Yeah, I will finish that.
[exhales, chuckles]
[Ju-sung] Mm.
-Mr. Nam.
-Yeah?
This may seem embarrassing…
you're covered in sweet potato.
That is embarrassing.
You need another napkin.
[Ju-sung] Thank you. I wish I could be
as clean and tidy as you are.
[Ms. Oh] I'm glad to hear that.
-They deserved it.
-Yes, they did, Ms. Oh.
[sighs]
I can't thank you enough.
Mr. Cassano is the one who led the charge.
I just helped him a little.
[chuckles]
Both of you…
have changed my life for the better
and I'm very thankful.
Mr. Cassano is paying
for your hospital care as well.
Oh… Now I feel guilty.
[breathes heavily]
I really don't want to be a burden.
Mm-mm.
Oh.
Hello, doctor.
Hello, Ms. Oh.
Tell me how are you feeling?
I'm better. Thank you.
You declined your pain medication,
I'm told.
Uh, yes.
It… it makes me really nauseous.
It's not worth it.
I can get through the night without it.
[doctor] If you change your mind,
let us know.
[Vincenzo] If she changes her mind?
Aren't you the one recommending
the proper treatment?
Of course. We work together.
Did you… work together
to see if she's eating?
Do you expect her to get better like this?
Look. She hadn't opened any of these.
I was about to address that.
[scoffs]
This food is unacceptable.
You expect your patients
to eat something you wouldn't touch.
I'm an oncologist,
not a nutritionist, sir.
Then you can answer this question, doctor.
How can you not prescribe pain meds
just because the patient said no?
-I don't want to--
-You need to stay quiet, please.
[exhales]
We are always trying to find
the right balance between benefits
and unpleasant side effects.
Look at her!
Every time we come, she's in more pain.
You need to calm down.
This is Ms. Oh's choice, not yours.
Why are you here?
Why did you even come to the hospital?
Why?
Stop being stubborn
and do what the doctors tell you.
Okay.
Mr. Cassano!
I am so sorry. I don't know what happened.
[Ms. Oh sighs]
[Cha-young] This doesn't excuse him,
but he has been pretty stress
these past few days.
That was kinda scary,
and strangely… comforting too.
[Han-seo] Sir, I had meetings
with the presidents
of Dongil and Taesan Banks this morning.
Unfortunately, Babel is blacklisted
with both of them.
[Joon-woo]
Even though Shinkwang Bank is backing us?
Uh-huh.
Hong Cha-young knew what she was doing
with the reporters yesterday.
The banks don't wanna touch Babel.
I warned you about this.
Getting rid of those two
would make everything easy--
[Joon-woo] Shut it!
You need to listen to me on this one.
Come on!
Han-seo, stop screaming.
It really scares me when you're angry.
[sighs]
-I apologize.
-[Joon-woo] Tell you what.
I'll organize a dinner meeting for you
at Namdongbu, okay? So be there.
Yeah. Okay.
[suspenseful music]
[exhales]
He killed Dad without a second thought
but not these guys.
[chuckles]
[phone beeps]
Get me Mr. Lee from Strategy.
-[woman 1] Yum.
-[woman 2] Oh, wow.
[Cha-young]
Mm, if it tastes as good as it smells.
[waitress] Enjoy.
[woman 1] We had reservations
at a fancy Chinese restaurant,
but Mr. Nam suggested this place instead.
The food here is absolutely amazing.
This, for example, is one of a kind.
Ah.
[slurps]
Mm.
[man 1]
They should keep this place a secret.
[blows]
Mm.
-[Ju-sung] Mm.
-[Cha-young] Mm. This is fantastic.
It's like my mouth has died
and gone to heaven.
I would call it tomato pasta surprise.
I'm sure Mr. Cassano likes it.
He's Italian.
-[woman 1 laughs]
-[Ju-sung] Mm-hmm.
We should have done this sooner.
We're sorry we couldn't
have made it happen earlier.
It's perfect this way.
I heard there was a confrontation
at last week's meeting.
Yes.
The Babel Pharmaceuticals shareholders
invited themselves to our meeting
and caused a scene
blaming us for the stock price going down.
Luckily, they only stayed long enough
to yell at us and call us names.
[Cha-young] Ugh!
They're such sociopaths.
They don't care about people
who were wronged.
"Stop it. Stop using your dead relatives."
It bounces right off of us now.
It's good you can ward it off.
But you shouldn't have to put up
with their insults.
-Call me if they do it again.
-[women giggle]
You're the best, Ms. Hong.
[all chuckle]
-[woman 1 laugh]
-We better hurry before I eat it all.
[all laugh]
I should have invited you sooner,
gentlemen.
We've just been rather busy.
Hmm. I bet things are hectic.
Your organization is a disaster.
[Mr. Hwang chuckles]
Yes, I've had better times.
Hmm.
[Han-seo sighs]
Tonight, we toast
to our successful partnership.
I'm sorry to correct your grammar,
but we aren't your partners.
We have a contract with you.
As long as our mutual interests
are served, we'll be on board.
Mr. Seo.
[chuckles]
The amount we pay should guarantee
your cooperation for a long while.
Cooperation doesn't mean
letting you walk all over us.
If you or your company disrespect us,
we can charge you, Babel,
your associates, whenever we want.
Is that clear?
-Yes. We'll keep it in mind.
-[Myung-hee chuckles]
I was hoping for a few words.
Uh, a blessing of some sort from you.
You know, Myung-hee, you always acted
like you couldn't be bought,
but you've got a natural gift for sales.
It suits you.
[chuckles]
Oh, we should remember that tonight
is first and foremost a celebration.
[laughs]
It's a historical evening.
[both chuckle]
We'll see if this historical evening
entitles us to glory
or humiliation.
I'll give you my all and remain humble…
in exchange for your help.
Hmm. Sorry, but your all doesn't cut it.
Do better.
[chuckles]
I hear you.
[Han-seo]
Mr. Hwang, may I pour you a drink?
[Mr. Hwang]
I think I could be as old as your uncle.
-I can get this with one hand, right?
-[Han-seo] Yes. Of course.
MARIONETTE
[Mr. Hwang] Pour one for him, too.
-[Han-seo] Of course.
-Ah, what is this?
-[Han-seo] Would you like the same thing?
-They need a lesson.
[scoffs]
[Mr. Hwang] Impressive collection.
Do you enjoy drink often?
[Han-seo] Mostly on special occasions,
like this one.
Such a pleasant evening, gentlemen.
Ah, you're a gracious host.
And move Choi Myung-hee
to your sales team.
She's really good at it.
You need anything,
you tell her to let us know.
Let's go, huh.
-[Mr. Hwang] Got it? Do a good job.
-Got it. Thank you.
-Let's go.
-[engine starts]
-[Han-seo] Good night.
-[Seung-hyuk and Myung-hee] Good night.
[engine revs]
After-party, people. Follow me.
Where?
What's going on?
-I'm not sure.
-[car door closes]
I guess we better do
what he says, though. Let's go.
[Myung-hee groans]
I never thought Myung-hee
would turn into Seocho-dong's seller.
[both laugh]
That chick's a slippery snake,
and we have to keep our eyes
on her to make this work.
She would be a lot better off
if she'd stayed with us, for sure.
-I think so too.
-[tires screech]
[Mr. Hwang] Watch the road!
-[Mr. Seo] What the hell?
-[Mr. Hwang] Hey. Are you crazy?
Where did you learn to drive?
Now they're coming to see you.
[Mr. Hwang] Wait a minute.
-What is this?
-[glass shatters]
-Hey! What's the matter with you?
-[driver] Please stop.
[grunts]
Get off!
-[groans]
-[Mr. Hwang] Let go.
-Wait a minute, you can't do this.
-[Mr. Seo] Who do you think you are?
You're making a huge mistake.
-Hey!
-[goon] Just keep it moving.
[suspenseful music]
[mysterious music]
[doorknob clanks]
[Yeon-jin gasps]
-[door closes]
-[Yeon-jin sighs]
Honey, I don't like this.
Do you think they're robbers?
Mr. Cassano probably
has a lot of valuables.
They're up to no good.
You keep an eye out while I get the key.
You're leaving?
[Yeon-jin gasps]
You can do this.
[foreboding music]
[goon 1 gasps]
If you leave now, no one gets hurt.
Get lost.
Hey, why should we
let them off that easy. Huh?
Trying to steal from our building?
Ever try working like a man, huh? Loser.
[grunts, groans]
[Yeon-jin] Honey!
You hurt the wrong woman.
Yeon-jin!
I know I promise to hold back but…
I draw the line.
I'm going old school, sweetheart.
I'm fine. Really!
-[Mr. Lee] You had your chance!
-[goon 1 grunts]
[both groan]
[suspenseful music]
[grunts]
-I feel faint. Don't hurt yourself.
-[groans]
You really think I'm gonna ask you
for mercy.
Come on. You've got my ears all exposed.
[grunts]
Amateur. Too easy. Here comes the suplex!
-[goon 1 groans]
-Whoo!
That reminds me.
It's been a while since I lifted.
[Yeon-jin grunts, growls]
-[goon 2 whimpers]
-Clean and…
-[bone cracks]
-[groans]
Jerk.
[Mr. Lee cheers]
Signature move. Whoo!
-Mwah!
-[laughs]
You still got it, honey.
[Mr. Lee laughs]
Look at these punks.
-Teach you to mess with us.
-He wants more.
-[spray hisses]
-[Mr. Lee and Yeon-jin scream]
[goon 1] Let's go.
-[Mr. Lee] Yeon-jin! Honey…
-[Yeon-jin] Honey!
Hey!
[grunts]
-You punk!
-Yeah. Gotcha!
-Ms. Hong, oh.
-[Cha-young chuckles]
We should do this again. Pretty soon.
-We could organize a picnic.
-[woman 1] That sounds good.
Although, you'll have to wait
a couple of weeks
since we are heading to Jindo Island.
-Ah.
-I'm so jealous.
Can you do me a favor?
Send some matrimony wine. I would love it.
-[all laugh]
-One bottle at least.
Have a wonderful trip.
I'm sure you'll have fun.
[woman 1] Thank you.
Mr. Cassano.
Thank you for everything.
-Ah…
-[woman 1 chuckles]
You're the best.
[all chuckle]
[dramatic music]
-[nervous chuckle]
-[woman 1] Hmm.
-Have a safe trip.
-Thank you.
[all chuckle]
-[woman 1] Group hug. Group hug.
-[woman 2] Thank you so much.
-We couldn't have done it without you.
-[Cha-young] You're welcome.
[man 1] Mr. Nam.
[all laugh]
-[woman 2] Come on. We need to…
-[man 1] Come here.
[woman 1]
You picked the restaurant, Mr. Nam.
-[man 2] Thank you…
-[Cha-young] I look forward to seeing you.
[woman 1] Thank you.
-It's going to be lovely.
-[woman 2] Thanks again.
[ominous music]
[car alarm beeps]
[Cha-young]
They've suffered so much already.
I hope they only have happiness
in their lives from now on.
They do deserve to be happy
but there's a lot of pain.
It will take some time.
Yeah, that's so true.
I'm sure this trip will do them some good.
Here we are.
[keys jangle]
Thank you for driving me home.
Well, I need to get some wine
and this is on the way.
But there's a pretty big liquor store
right across from the Plaza.
They don't have the wine I'm looking for.
The shop near here is highly recommended.
-Probably closed at this hour.
-I'll go tomorrow then.
[dog barking in distance]
See ya.
[foreboding music]
[chuckles]
-[keys jangle]
-[gate opens]
[ominous music]
[gate closes]
[foreboding music continues]
[screams]
Hold on. Stop!
I don't even own a hammer.
Do you always carry your own?
I know some martial arts.
I have eight degrees.
Taekwondo, third, and jujitsu, second,
and hapkido, one,
and a blackbelt in karate.
That's seven.
Oh, yeah! Seven. Two, two and three.
You try anything
and you'll pay with your face!
[whimpers]
I don't wanna hurt you.
No! Go away!
-[screams]
-[goon 1 grunts]
Don't! Go away! I'm warning you.
Shoo! Shoo! Get away from me!
-[Cha-young yells]
-[goon 2] We have a problem!
[tense music]
-[goon 1] What's the problem?
-[grunts]
I am.
[both grunt]
-[gasps]
-[goons groan]
[all grunting]
-[screams]
-Whoa, whoa!
Are you serious?
If you wanna scratch your back,
do it over there.
So when you wanna tail someone,
you should at least try
to be inconspicuous for real.
-Shall we?
-[Cha-young] Yes.
[Cha-young and Mr. Nam chuckle]
[suspenseful music]
02K 0416
[both grunting]
-[loud thud]
-[groans]
You all right?
Mm-hmm.
[goon 1 grunts]
[glass shatters]
-Bastards!
-No!
Wait! Wait! Wait, let them go!
I don't wanna be alone.
I can make them tell me
who sent them after you.
We know exactly who sent them already.
-[groans]
-[Vincenzo gasps]
I don't feel so good.
I should've eaten more.
I think it's my blood sugar.
[sighs]
[switch clicks]
[both grunt]
[Seung-hyuk] Why are you here?
[Mr. Hwang chuckles]
Hello, Jang.
Hmm. I actually prefer Chairman.
Well, Chairman,
it's a dangerous game you're playing.
I am the chief prosecutor of Namdongbu.
Now get over here and untie me!
He's lost it.
Earlier, you were disrespectful
and arrogant.
I'm polite until you tried
to treat me like a doormat.
[Seung-hyuk] But, Chairman…
Did you clear this with Jang Joon-woo?
It's a bit extreme.
Yes. He said he wants
to shake it up a little
-so they remember their place.
-Right.
-[chuckles]
-[Mr. Hwang] You think this is funny?
I'm sure you won't think so
when word of this gets out.
You're not telling anyone
about any of this.
So shut it. Both of you took our money.
You should show some respect,
don't you think?
Hey! You want me to teach you a lesson?
Who do you think you are
pulling this stunt on us?
Starting tomorrow, Babel is going down.
-[Mr. Seo] I'll see to it.
-[laughs]
[Mr. Hwang] My arms hurt.
One of you unties me.
-Seung-hyuk, Myung-hee!
-Yes, sir.
[Mr. Hwang] Enough already!
Would you keep it down?
You're hurting my ears
with all of your whining.
[door creaks open]
[eerie music]
[metallic clanking]
-I don't know about this.
-[Joon-woo humming]
Are you kidding me? What is this, huh?
[loud thwack]
[Joon-woo hums]
[Joon-woo whooping]
[thwacking]
[in sing-song voice]
♪ Doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
[heavy thumps]
[Joon-woo breathes heavily]
No, please.
Please! I'll do anything,
just don't hurt me. I'm sorry.
Sir, you…
[stammers]
You have my utmost respect, I swear.
I swear to you!
[Joon-woo hums]
[Joon-woo] Is he dead?
I guess so.
[maniacal laugh]
[exhales]
-[Joon-woo hums]
-[gasps]
[pants]
-Don't worry, you're not next.
-[shudders]
Who do you think is next?
I'll give you a hint.
He's a terrible little soccer player!
No! Not him, not my son.
I swear I'll be more obedient.
Please, just don't hurt him. Please!
No. Don't hurt my son!
Please you can't hurt him. I'm sorry, sir!
You have my respect. All my respect.
I respect you! I respect you!
I respect you!
Please don't hurt him.
No, my son is innocent.
Please, sir. No, please, don't kill him!
I'll do anything!
I'll do anything for you! Please!
Please, sir.
[chilling music]
Everyone knows, Hwang.
You shouldn't ever get me upset.
Why didn't you listen?
[breathing heavily]
[maniacal laugh]
[helmet thuds]
[Joon-woo humming]
Why didn't you tell us
what your plans were?
Surprise!
Better?
With all due respect, Chairman,
this could create some issues
for the company.
See, I anticipate less
since I don't feel like a piece of shit.
[sighs]
[groans]
This stuff is so sticky.
[Joon-woo grunts]
We're going back to the old way
of doing things starting today.
I'll show all of them exactly
what they're going up against from now on.
I'll do my best to follow your lead, sir.
And you can count on me.
Sir.
Okay.
Good.
Oh, Han-seo, Han-seo.
From now on, beef up your security.
You're the Achilles heel of my operation.
Yes, sir. I guess that makes sense.
[police radio beeps]
[police siren blares]
[dramatic music]
Babel or Myung-hee and Wusang.
Who do you think gave the order?
Whoever it is
is most likely working alone.
It was amateurish and sloppy.
What are they doing?
They think killing me
will make this all go away?
It wasn't to kill you.
They must have been told
to put you in the hospital for a bit.
What?
Hammer's hurt.
But if they wanted a clean kill,
they would've strangled you
or stabbed you in the stomach--
-Oh, I don't wanna hear anymore.
-[clears throat]
Don't stay here tonight.
They broke the window,
you won't sleep well.
Right. I would be too nervous.
So you should call a friend.
[Cha-young sighs]
What?
Do it.
-[line rings]
-[phone buzzes]
No way.
[playful music]
One night?
-[phone beeps]
-Not a chance.
[engine revs]
[playful music]
[line beeps]
[operator] The person you have dialed
is unavailable.
Please call again later.
[line beeps, rings]
[woman] I have late-night service
in church today. Leave a message.
[line beeps]
Damn it!
It's been half an hour.
You still haven't found anyone?
I'm sorry. All my friends are busy.
Or they're still trying
to keep a safe distance from you.
Why don't you just drop me at a hotel?
Won't you be scared alone?
[chuckles]
No, I won't.
Wait, are you trying to insult me or what?
I'm not gonna start seeing the Bogeyman
around every corner.
-You'd jump at your own shadow right now.
-Shh.
You hush.
I was startled before, that's all.
Now I'm calm.
I think I'm made of stainless steel.
[playful music]
[seatbelt clicks]
It's been a pretty tough day.
Thanks for being there.
["Adrenaline" by Solar playing]
♪ Adrenaline rushing through my veins ♪
♪ I forgot all the pain ♪
♪ I drink lit drip for life ♪
♪ To lose my sight of emptiness ♪
[car horns honking in distance]
If anything happens, just call.
[playful music]
Don't worry about me. I'm gonna be fine.
[engine rumbles]
[tires screech]
[chuckles]
[elevator dings]
[cart rumbles]
[cleaner] Hello and welcome.
Enjoy your stay.
[mysterious music]
[devilish laugh]
[gasps]
[shudders]
What's with all the crazy looks? Huh?
[drill whirs]
[whirring continues]
Hello?
I'm supposed to be staying in there.
Oh.
They told me the lock was broken.
Wouldn't want a perfect stranger
to barge, right?
[whirs]
-[man laughs evilly]
-[shudders]
[evil laugh continues]
[shrieks]
[Cha-young screams]
I'm all done here!
[grunts]
[Mr. Lee] I'm sorry.
[Yeon-jin] Me too. So sorry.
We went into your home without asking.
[groans]
I should be thanking you.
I'm so sorry about this.
They didn't act like ordinary burglars.
It's more like they were waiting for you
to come home.
I had no idea they had a spray gun.
[grunts]
[Yeon-jin] It really burns.
[Gi-seok]
My hunch is that they were hitmen.
I am certain that he is in serious danger.
[Mr. Tak] What do you guys think?
I think it is Park Seok-do's
or Babel's doing.
No. Can't be.
They would be more professional.
No offense to Mr. Lee,
but if he scared them away,
they weren't very tough.
They were professionals.
[whimpers]
When I grabbed the first one,
I could tell.
[grunts]
They were experienced.
-Thank you. I appreciate it.
-[Mr. Lee] Sure.
I doubt they'll come back. Get some rest.
-[Mr. Lee] Good night.
-Just a second before you go in.
These are for you.
They're easy to make and super tasty.
-Oh, that's all right.
-[Yeon-jin] They're really good.
-I'm good.
-It's a gift. Please take it.
Okay, I believe you. Thanks.
[chuckles]
I'll make some now.
-[Mr. Lee] You just boil them in water.
-Right. Goodbye.
-Good night.
-Sweetheart, this way.
-[slams, groans]
[Mr. Tak] Hold on.
Let us walk you home, okay?
[stammers]
[Toto] Come with me, Mr. Lee.
-Follow my voice.
-[Mr. Lee] I'm okay.
-I'm fine.
-[Toto] This way.
-[Mr. Lee] You know what?
-[Toto] Careful.
[Mr. Lee groans]
[Mr. Lee] Those bastards could be
passed out on the street right now.
I'm sure I hit some vital organs.
[huffs]
[glass squeaks]
[quirky music]
[quirky music continues]
[chair clattering]
[pigeons cooing]
[wings flapping]
[exhales]
[sighs]
[huffs]
[wind gusts]
[pigeons cooing]
[gasps]
[dramatic music]
[Inzaghi coos]
Hey, Inzaghi.
Take your friend and go.
I don't want pigeons in here. You hear me?
[Inzaghi coos]
[in Italian]
Damn it. Inzaghi!
You…
-[screams]
-[Inzaghi coos]
I warned you, didn't I?
[dramatic music]
[Inzaghi coos]
[in Italian]
Why is it so fast?
Damn it.
[speaking Italian]
[sighs]
[exhales sharply]
[loud knocking on door]
[rapid knocking]
[door opens]
[in Korean]
[Cha-young] I'm scared. I'm really scared.
And it's so cold.
[Cha-young whimpers]
Yes, thank you. I will stay.
[whimpering continues]
Oh, you have the heat on.
[groaning]
Oh, my foot's asleep.
[grunts]
[exhales]
I can sleep on your couch tonight.
[scoffs]
Is that what you wear to sleep?
It's a limited edition.
-Booralro 80th anniversary pajama--
-I smell ramyeon.
-So?
-[sniffing]
[sniffing continues]
I didn't expect you to eat ramyeon.
I've never had it before.
Ms. Jang gave it to me.
Want some? I have two.
No, thank you.
Indigestion makes my face get all puffy.
[water burbles]
All right.
[burbling continues]
[Cha-young slurps]
[Cha-young] Mmm.
[chopsticks clink]
Hey.
Ramyeon is stingy.
The single serving is barely enough
for one person, you know.
In my opinion, there should be laws
regulating serving sizes.
-It's a stretch, huh?
-You told me your face would swell up.
-I'll exercise it out of my system first.
-You had a huge meal at the restaurant.
Seems like ages ago.
Trauma makes me hungry.
Ah, yeah. Of course, it does.
Anyway, the portions at the restaurant
were super small.
Oh, I apologize then.
I'll bring some blankets for you.
-[Vincenzo sighs]
-You're not eating?
If we were in Italy,
this entire situation…
[playful music]
Go ahead. It's all yours.
[hums]
[Cha-young] Are you sleeping here?
I don't wanna put you out.
I'll be on the floor,
and you'll be on the sofa.
-Okay?
-Oh! How scandalous.
The two of us here? Together?
Why can't I stay in there?
[playful music]
Be my guest.
[Cha-young] Hmm!
Naughty boy.
-[eerie music]
-[pigeons cooing]
[door slams]
[Cha-young]
Are you raising chickens or what?
-[pigeons coo]
-[Cha-young groans]
I promise it's just for one night.
You can stay here until you feel safe.
[Cha-young] No. I'll go home
as soon as my window's fixed.
I'll get nightmares from your ceiling.
[Cha-young] How tacky.
[Vincenzo] Oh.
Those are from the previous tenant.
Oh.
One thing I need you to do,
replace the ramyeon you ate.
Seriously? I'll buy you an entire crate.
[tranquil music]
[Cha-young] Before you fall asleep…
I have two more questions for you.
Mafia questions.
Two and only two.
Mafia bosses always seem
to be really scary.
Unforgiving, heartless and brutal.
They're not all like that.
Mine was all business.
Calm and reasonable.
-He sounds like a nice person.
-He was.
I loved him like a father, to be honest.
Question number two.
The other day, you said that people
get killed like they do in movies,
the Mafia will make sure those
who infringe on the code
pay the price for their actions.
Yes.
I'm wondering if you've ever paid
anyone back that way.
Have you ever actually done it yourself?
Killed someone, you mean.
Is that what you're asking me?
[dramatic music]
No.
I'm a consigliere.
[Cha-young] Right.
I thought so. I'm relieved.
[Cha-young sighs]
You might work for some shady characters,
but there's no way you're a killer.
Would you still want to spend time
with me if I were?
[Cha-young] It's not that.
It's just…
it would be like
you're from a completely different world.
Or at least another era.
Like someone who stepped out
of an old-time gangster movie and…
made everyone afraid to be near them.
And if anyone thought of me that way…
I'd probably wanna cry.
That's funny.
I'd be thrilled to have a life
away from everyone.
Why?
I know.
You protect yourself from getting hurt
by keeping your distance.
No. It's because people
are always asking me for money.
[chuckles]
You know, I'm pleasantly surprised
to hear that.
The most down-to-earth thing
you've ever said.
That was number two. Good night.
Good night.
[dramatic music continues]
[Cha-young sighs]
[foreboding music]
[gunshot]
[speaking Italian]
[man's muffled cry]
[foreboding music continues]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
[exhales]
[huffs]
[somber music]
[Cha-young] Huh?
Namdongbu has a prosecutor
named Seo Ung-ho.
You've heard of him, right?
Well, apparently, he's dead.
He drove off a cliff
while under the influence.
PROSECUTOR SEO UNG-HO DEAD FROM DUI
This has to be connected
with what happened to us last night.
I doubt it.
This plan was meticulously thought out.
Not sloppy at all.
[sighs]
So I'm thinking, that more people
are going to be in the line of fire.
[Joon-woo] Mm. When are you coming back?
Ah. Okay. Sounds good.
-[Han-seo] Are you expecting someone?
-Nah.
I put someone in Italy
to look into Vincenzo.
Oh. Did you get anything on him yet?
When he's back, we'll see.
Right.
[ominous music]
You weren't quite prepared for last night,
were you?
[foreboding music]
It just goes to show
how much more I can learn from you.
Okay.
From now on, we need perfect execution.
You got extra security?
More bodyguards in two teams
in case someone tails me.
Okay.
Joon-woo, sir…
Uh…
there's something that I need to tell you.
Hmm…
You messed up again
from the look on your face.
[glass shatters]
[gasps]
Who told you to do
something like that, huh?
I thought it would be helpful.
Get some people out of your way
for a while.
To show proof of my loyalty to you
and everything you're trying to build.
You have to believe me, sir.
You need to stop blabbering.
Your excuses just compound your mistakes.
Shit.
[suspenseful music]
[slurps]
[exhales]
-[phone beeps]
-[line ringing]
Why did you call me on video?
Because I missed your face.
Really?
[clicks tongue]
-Well, zoom in. Here.
-[chuckles]
You're not at work yet?
It was a short night.
So how come you hardly call me anymore?
Hold on.
Is that someone else's house?
It looks different.
[Vincenzo] Oh.
[in Italian]
Good morning.
[in Korean]
That's…
Mr. Cassano's apartment?
Why are you there?
-Because I stayed over.
-[Joon-woo] What?
I have to get ready.
Talk to you soon, okay?
-Wait a minute.
-[line beeps]
[exhales]
[foreboding music]
[car alarm beeps]
[Gi-seok] Mr. Cassano.
[foreboding music]
Two o'clock.
Oh!
Hello.
[grunts]
You're playing with fire
and putting yourself in danger.
I can smell it a mile away.
And?
Take this.
It's a cell number.
I can be reached 24/7, anywhere, anytime.
Or you can text the code, "Help me."
I'll be there in a heartbeat.
Okay.
YOUR HELPER, AN GI-SEOK
[suspenseful music]
Ah.
You're such a smart man. You must know…
[chuckles]
…I'm not just an apprentice.
We understand each other.
Act natural.
Natural.
[whimpers]
Are you…
BABEL GROUP
[suspenseful music]
[tires screech]
PEOPLE AROUND CHAIRMAN JANG HAN-SEO
He is so ridiculous.
Does he think he's the President?
I'm sure it was Babo's idea
to increase the security detail
in case he gets followed.
He's vulnerable so he made a smart move,
unfortunately.
That means going after fake Chairman Jang
is no longer an option.
We need to smoke Babo out. But how?
[Ju-sung] Ms. Hong!
You're never gonna believe this one.
Namdongbu Prosecutor's Office
has Gil Jong-moon under protection.
He's under protection. Why?
I'm not sure. Nobody seems to know.
He must have cut a deal
in exchange for information.
Which prosecutor's handling it?
Jung In-kuk, Ms. Hong.
Whatever Gil's up to
then Babel won't be far behind.
I'll put in a call
to Prosecutor Jung right away.
[phone buzzes]
Mr. Cho.
Yes?
[tense music]
[Vincenzo] Thank you
for going to Shanghai.
-This will be a big help.
-It was my pleasure.
Fortunately, the data
on Wang Shaolin's irises was still there.
Our team of hackers were fast too.
At least we're over the biggest hurdle.
Yes.
Once we've removed the slabs
blocking the entrance,
we won't have any problem.
And the structure will hold
when we remove the slabs?
Of course, the slabs are lightweight.
The whole point of the design
is to allow access.
Excellent. I'm eager to get started.
There's still the problem
of relocating the temple.
[mysterious music]
NANYAK TEMPLE
[Chaesin] Mr. Cassano.
Hello.
Ms. Seo has recently asked
to become a member of our temple, sir.
I see.
I go in peace.
I feel the presence of Buddha.
Great.
[tranquil music]
Ms. Seo.
[quirky music]
I have to admit I wondered
why you wanted us to move out.
[chuckles]
I only came to you first.
I prioritize your temple
because you deserve better.
We have all we need here, Mr. Cassano.
I'd be able to find you a place
outside the city perfect for meditation.
But you have brought us
courage and insight
with your exemplary behavior.
We are committed
to protecting our temple
and the other tenants of this building.
[chuckles]
[Jeokha chuckles]
I have the first batch of sweet potatoes.
[Italian music]
[tranquil music]
[Mi-ri] He wants the monks to move out.
So does that mean…
No matter how we try spinning this,
Jang Joon-woo did so much more
than crossed the line, Ms. Choi.
We've all crossed the line, Mr. Han.
Why even try to pretend?
It's not the same.
[Seung-hyuk sighs]
This nightmare
could eventually put us in danger, too.
We already crossed over
to the dark side a long time ago,
-and you're just starting to worry now.
-[sighs]
-This is--
-[door opens]
[Seung-hyuk] Mr. Jang
-[Seung-hyuk chuckles]
-[Myung-hee clears throat]
Hello, sir.
[titters]
All this hard work fogs up my glasses.
[Joon-woo] So…
are you scared of me
now that you see me in action, boss?
No, of course not, sir.
Our respect for you
has grown exponentially.
Last night was quite something.
Well, there's something I need
from Chief Prosecutor Hwang today.
You'll let him know?
Just say the word.
[siren blaring]
[tense music]
PROSECUTION SERVICE
TAESAN BANK
[Mr. Park grunts]
Su-nam, did you check the box?
There might be useful stuff in there.
Always check the boxes, we're on a budget.
BEAUTY SALON
Can't we just hire movers?
[Ms. Yang] Mr. Park.
What are you planning to do? I'm confused.
Let's stop with the pity party, huh?
Both of you should be grateful
you're alive.
You of all people know
we're a financial wreck.
We pretty much lost everything
except for some slush funds.
-You're unbelievable.
-[stomach grumbles]
Hey, I'm hungry. Jjajangmyeon sounds good.
[Mr. Park] Hey, boil some water.
I'll go buy you some noodles.
What is all this stuff?
Are you opening a shop here?
[Larry] Hold on,
you can't just throw this out.
You have to recycle these properly.
-What for?
-Get your hands off, okay?
[Mr. Park] Hey.
I won't fight with you guys.
Now we're running a legit business,
so you can relax.
I think he's lying, isn't he?
Now sort this out.
Hey, it's true.
We really are running a business.
-For travel.
-An agency?
Your timing's atrocious.
What's your product?
One-way ticket to the afterlife?
No. It's the real deal.
-Byebye.
-Balloon.
What kind of name is "Byebye Balloon"?
Are you even paying rent here, huh?
-And the association fee?
-[Mr. Park] You don't own this building.
So just mind your own business
and let us do this.
-Seriously--
-Mr. Park, what are you doing here?
Trimming or shaving?
[groans]
Get lost.
[stammers]
Oh, who are you? Where did you come from?
[Su-nam] Go back to your own stores.
We're busy.
She's like a ghost. I'm spooked out.
Hey. We need to talk right now.
-They're up to something.
-I know, but this is important.
[Mr. Tak] We're all meeting
at Toto's place.
[Mr. Lee clears throat]
-[Mr. Lee] Hey, everyone.
-[Yeon-jin] Hello.
[Mr. Tak] That's all of us.
[Mr. Lee] Good to see you.
-Gi-seok, would you mind?
-It's okay. I know everything.
I told him everything that's going on.
He's like family.
Ah, shoot. That's one more person.
[slurps]
Gi-seok, you said the monks
were looking for the gold…
at the fortune tellers.
[Jeokha coughs]
[Mr. Tak]
Well, we know we're all looking for it.
Why pretend otherwise, huh?
We've all been searching for it.
We should work together like neighbors.
It looked like you were
pretty determined yourself, Mr. Tak.
He's right, though.
We should all look for it together.
Uh-huh. And we all sign that we agree
to divide it equally amongst us.
I don't know.
Personally, I think the biggest share
belongs to whoever finds it first.
That will just complicate things.
Equal parts. It's better for everybody.
Come to think of it,
Mi-ri's idea makes a lot of sense.
Well, we know a couple of lawyers.
Why don't we ask them
what's the best way to do this?
Then more people will know about the gold.
There's Ms. Hong, Mr. Cassano,
and the other guy.
What… what's his name?
The paralegal. Mr. Nam.
-Chaesin.
-[gasps]
Sorry, Merciful Buddha.
-What's the next move then?
-Yeah.
If no one objects,
we'll look for the gold altogether.
[Mr. Tak] We'll map it out.
Let's think of a strategy,
and commit to it,
or it's never gonna work.
Okay.
-Okay.
No backstabbing or else…
[anchorwoman] Meanwhile,
the Namdongbu Prosecutor's Office
announced that they arrested
the bank presidents.
Both of them have been brought in
for questioning.
However, the details of the banks'
violations of the Capital Markets Act
have not been disclosed.
More relevant witnesses will be summoned…
It's so obvious.
I can barely stand to listen.
First, Prosecutor Seo
and then the bank raid.
Babel killed Seo to make sure
they could control Chief Prosecutor Hwang.
And now they're using him to get search
warrants on banks that turned him down.
Something tells me that those banks
and Babel are about to negotiate.
[phone buzzes]
Okay. It looks like Prosecutor Jung's
on the line.
You did it.
Thank you for calling, Mr. Jung.
I really appreciate it.
Yes.
[Cha-young] I was hoping
I could ask you a few questions.
When would be a good time for you?
GIL JONG-MOON
[Mr. Jung]
I really enjoyed following your lawsuit.
Babel's a really big fish.
Congratulations.
It looks like it might have been in vain.
They're like a cat with nine lives.
Babel bounces back, that's true.
But eventually, we'll bring them down.
What can you tell us about Dr. Gil?
I'm sure he must have some demands.
He wanted immunity
and permission to leave the country.
I'm convinced he's planning to change
his identity and flee abroad.
What's he offering?
Extensive proof of collusion
between Babel and Haemun Medical.
He's probably playing both sides.
Definitely.
I think his plan is to buy enough time
to arrange a payout.
Have you ever thought…
that Jang Han-seo might not be
the real brains behind Babel?
Do you think so?
-Is there someone else?
-It's the only explanation.
We don't know who's behind it all yet
but Jang is not the boss.
Okay.
That explains his comment then.
Do you know
how Chairman Jang's father died?
Do you have new information?
[cup thuds]
I don't.
[Dr. Gil] I'll tell you all about it
when this is settled.
They are such scumbags.
Really unbelievable.
They're completely lacking in respect.
I shouldn't be surprised
given the family tree.
[groans]
Stinking little jerks…
Dr. Gil said "scumbags" and "jerks"
with an S at the end?
Are you sure?
Yes. It was plural.
It's possible the Chairman's sons
were both there then when he passed away.
Gil Jong-moon knows who it is.
Babo and he know each other.
"Babo"?
Uh, we call Babel's mystery boss "Babo"
to keep it simple.
Ah.
Has Director Gil called anyone
since he's been in protection?
He did make an untraceable call
outside of my presence.
Obviously, a burner phone.
From what you've told me,
I'd be willing to bet Babel owns it.
Is it possible
for you to launch, uh,
an unofficial operation for us?
You're proposing some kind
of sting operation. Is that it?
Yes. Very incriminating.
Like an old-school setup.
I'm sorry. I pride myself
when I was playing by the book.
Does your pride allow you
to consider making an exception?
No matter how tempting,
I'm not going to resort to deception.
So count me out.
[footsteps approaching]
Your deep-fried sweet potatoes
with sugar glaze.
[quirky music]
[quirky music continues]
[both sigh]
[Cha-young] Mr. Jung, have some water.
Uh, in a minute. Please eat.
[foreboding music]
[foreboding music continues]
Effin' A…
What's the matter?
Nothing.
What's the matter with you?
I got something
that I hope will make you proud.
I think it's big.
[suspenseful music]
[claps, snaps fingers]
[suspenseful music continues]
[Joon-woo] Mr. Johnson.
Babel is going to make Korea
a heaven for narcotics.
All the materials you create
in your company, supply them to Babel.
The CEO will make them all.
It's illegal in America anyway.
-What about legality?
-"Legality"?
Don't worry about it.
I'll take care of everything.
-Trust me.
-Thank you.
Please make Korea the land of painkillers.
We'll be getting funding from the banks
next week.
The priorities are
resuming production of RDU-90
and getting Babel Pharma back on track.
Increase import of raw materials,
300 percent to accelerate production.
And triple security and protection
of the warehouses immediately.
[Cha-young] "Dongil and Taesan banks
to make large investments
into the Babel Group"?
[gasps]
Mr. Cassano, you were right again.
Evil has amazing powers of recovery.
I guess that means they'll make RDU-90
after all, doesn't it?
My father gave up his life for this.
[phone buzzes]
[sighs]
It looks like… like vacation
is still on for the families.
[woman] We're leaving on our trip now.
Can we keep this quiet?
At least for now,
so it doesn't ruin their trip?
We can wait until they all get back home.
[phone buzzes]
PROSECUTOR JUNG IN-KUK
Hello, Mr. Jung.
[Mr. Jung] I think Director Gil has made
some kind of arrangement with Babel.
He started denying
every one of the charges one by one.
[Cha-young]
To be honest, we were expecting this.
I wanted to know…
does a sting operation
still interests you?
I'd like to help you.
Great. Deception that leaves no traces
are our specialty.
I would prefer to move on this tonight.
This goes against
all of my higher principles.
[suspenseful music]
Right. As soon as we're in position,
we'll let you know the plan.
[Mr. Jung] Thank you.
Let's keep this one simple
yet threatening.
Plan A is we impersonate
a team of assassins sent by Babel
and get killed to reveal Babo's name.
[Ju-sung] Plan B.
[grunts]
He coughs it up with a punch in the face.
[tense music]
Plan A sounds great.
[foreboding music]
Didn't Mr. Jung tell you
there'd be plain-clothes officers
on duty 24 hours?
Yes, he did. It's awfully quiet.
Let's try the main entrance.
[suspenseful music]
Hello?
[Ju-sung screams]
[Ju-sung breathes heavily]
[Ju-sung gasps]
[ominous music]
[Ju-sung]
What? This isn't part of the plan, is it?
He's dead.
Director Gil…
Do you see Director Gil?
[tense music]
[tense music continues]
[gasps]
They beat us to it.
[sighs]
I'm afraid there's more.
[somber music]
[woman] I'm sorry, Ms. Hong.
We couldn't handle the sadness
of losing our families
and the anger we felt today.
So we are going to do
something very foolish.
I hope you can understand.
[suspenseful music]
[wind gusting]
[mysterious music]
[rattling]
[gun clicks]
[mysterious music continues]
[thrilling epic music]
[thrilling epic music continues]
[engine rumbles]
[tires screech]
[somber music]
[police siren blaring]
[foreboding music]
[suspenseful music]
[camera shutter clicking]
[suspenseful music continues]
[lighter clicks]
[camera shutter clicks]
[suspenseful music rises]
[Vincenzo] This isn't about justice.
This is about the principle
that I've lived by.
[Cha-young]
I'll let you break that promise.
God enjoys making people suffer
while remaining hidden someplace.
-That's why this is so fun.
-[Cha-young] How do we find the killer?
[Seung-hyuk screams]
If we can't find them,
-we'll make them come to us.
-Stop following me!
So he's the best consigliere
among the Mafia there.
[Cha-young]
Do they know your true identity?
We'll kill them. It's either us or them.
[Cha-young] Something bad might happen.
[Vincenzo] I know who it is.
The real boss behind Babel.